chore(readme): ionic slack -> discord (#1208)
ionic-team/ionicons: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Creating an Issue

> * If you have a question about using Ionicons, please ask on the [Ionic Forum](http://forum.ionicframework.com/) or in the [Ionic Discord](https://discord.com/invite/UPYYRhtyzp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you have a question about using Ionicons, please ask on the [Ionic Forum](http://forum.ionicframework.com/) or in the [Ionic Discord](https://ionic.link/discord).
```
